A chatbot (also known as a spy, conversational bot, chatterbot, interactive agent, conversational interface, Conversational AI, talkbot or artificial spy entity) is a computer program or an artificial intelligence which conducts a conversation via auditory or textual methods.[1] Such programs are often designed to convincingly simulate how a human would behave as a conversational partner, thereby passing the Turing test. Chatbots are typically used in dialog systems for various practical purposes including customer service or information acquisition. Some chatbots use sophisticated natural language processing systems, but many simpler ones scan for keywords within the input, then pull a reply with the most matching keywords, or the most similar wording pattern, from a database.

The term "ChatterBot" was originally coined by Michael Mauldin (creator of the first Verbot, Julia) in 1994 to describe these conversational programs.[2] Today, most chatbots are accessed via virtual assistants such as Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, via messaging apps such as Facebook Messenger or WeChat, or via individual organizations' apps and websites.[3][4] Chatbots can be classified into usage categories such as conversational commerce (e-commerce via chat), analytics, communication, customer support, design, developer tools, education, entertainment, finance, food, games, health, HR, marketing, news, personal, productivity, shopping, social, sports, travel and utilities.[5]

Beyond chatbots, Conversational AI refers to the use of messaging apps, speech-based assistants and chatbots to automate communication and create personalized customer experiences at scale.[6]


Contents
1	Background
2	Development
3	Application
3.1	Messaging apps
3.1.1	As part of company apps and websites
3.2	Company internal platforms
3.3	Banking
3.4	Toys
3.5	Chatbots in Medicine and for Mental Health
4	Chatbot development platforms
5	Malicious use
6	Examples of malicious uses for Chatbots
7	Limitations of Chatbots
8	Chatbots killing jobs
9	See also
10	Citations
11	References
Background
In 1950, Alan Turing's famous article "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" was published,[7] which proposed what is now called the Turing test as a criterion of intelligence. This criterion depends on the ability of a computer program to impersonate a human in a real-time written conversation with a human judge, sufficiently well that the judge is unable to distinguish reliably—on the basis of the conversational content alone—between the program and a real human. The notoriety of Turing's proposed test stimulated great interest in Joseph Weizenbaum's program ELIZA, published in 1966, which seemed to be able to fool users into believing that they were conversing with a real human. However Weizenbaum himself did not claim that ELIZA was genuinely intelligent, and the introduction to his paper presented it more as a debunking exercise:

[In] artificial intelligence ... machines are made to behave in wondrous ways, often sufficient to dazzle even the most experienced observer. But once a particular program is unmasked, once its inner workings are explained ... its magic crumbles away; it stands revealed as a mere collection of procedures ... The observer says to himself "I could have written that". With that thought he moves the program in question from the shelf marked "intelligent", to that reserved for curios ... The object of this paper is to cause just such a re-evaluation of the program about to be "explained". Few programs ever needed it more.[8]

ELIZA's key method of operation (copied by chatbot designers ever since) involves the recognition of clue words or phrases in the input, and the output of corresponding pre-prepared or pre-programmed responses that can move the conversation forward in an apparently meaningful way (e.g. by responding to any input that contains the word 'MOTHER' with 'TELL ME MORE ABOUT YOUR FAMILY').[9] Thus an illusion of understanding is generated, even though the processing involved has been merely superficial. ELIZA showed that such an illusion is surprisingly easy to generate, because human judges are so ready to give the benefit of the doubt when conversational responses are capable of being interpreted as "intelligent".

Interface designers have come to appreciate that humans' readiness to interpret computer output as genuinely conversational—even when it is actually based on rather simple pattern-matching—can be exploited for useful purposes. Most people prefer to engage with programs that are human-like, and this gives chatbot-style techniques a potentially useful role in interactive systems that need to elicit information from users, as long as that information is relatively straightforward and falls into predictable categories. Thus, for example, online help systems can usefully employ chatbot techniques to identify the area of help that users require, potentially providing a "friendlier" interface than a more formal search or menu system. This sort of usage holds the prospect of moving chatbot technology from Weizenbaum's "shelf ... reserved for curios" to that marked "genuinely useful computational methods".

Development
The classic historic early chatbots are ELIZA (1966) and PARRY (1972).[10][11][12][13] More recent notable programs include A.L.I.C.E., Jabberwacky and D.U.D.E (Agence Nationale de la Recherche and CNRS 2006). While ELIZA and PARRY were used exclusively to simulate typed conversation, many chatbots now include functional features such as games and web searching abilities. In 1984, a book called The Policeman's Beard is Half Constructed was published, allegedly written by the chatbot Racter (though the program as released would not have been capable of doing so).[14]

One pertinent field of AI research is natural language processing. Usually, weak AI fields employ specialized software or programming languages created specifically for the narrow function required. For example, A.L.I.C.E. uses a markup language called AIML, which is specific to its function as a conversational agent, and has since been adopted by various other developers of, so called, Alicebots. Nevertheless, A.L.I.C.E. is still purely based on pattern matching techniques without any reasoning capabilities, the same technique ELIZA was using back in 1966. This is not strong AI, which would require sapience and logical reasoning abilities.

Jabberwacky learns new responses and context based on real-time user interactions, rather than being driven from a static database. Some more recent chatbots also combine real-time learning with evolutionary algorithms that optimise their ability to communicate based on each conversation held. Still, there is currently no general purpose conversational artificial intelligence, and some software developers focus on the practical aspect, information retrieval.

Chatbot competitions focus on the Turing test or more specific goals. Two such annual contests are the Loebner Prize and The Chatterbox Challenge (the latter has been offline since 2015, however materials can still be found from web archives).[15]

Application
See also: Virtual assistant

Aeromexico airline chatbot running on Facebook Messenger, March 2018
Messaging apps
Many companies' chatbots run on messaging apps or simply via SMS. They are used for B2C customer service, sales and marketing.[16]

In 2016, Facebook Messenger allowed developers to place chatbots on their platform. There were 30,000 bots created for Messenger in the first six months, rising to 100,000 by September 2017. [17]

Since September 2017, this has also been as part of a pilot program on WhatsApp. Airlines KLM and Aeroméxico both announced their participation in the testing;[18][19][20][21] both airlines had previously launched customer services on the Facebook Messenger platform.

The bots usually appear as one of the user's contacts, but can sometimes act as participants in a group chat.

Many banks, insurers, media companies, e-commerce companies, airlines, hotel chains, retailers, health care providers, government entities and restaurant chains have used chatbots to answer simple questions, increase customer engagement,[22] for promotion, and to offer additional ways to order from them.[23][24]

A 2017 study showed 4% of companies used chatbots.[25] According to a 2016 study, 80% of businesses said they intended to have one by 2020.[26]

As part of company apps and websites
Previous generations of chatbots were present on company websites, e.g. Ask Jenn from Alaska Airlines which debuted in 2008[27] or Expedia's virtual customer service agent which launched in 2011.[27][28] The newer generation of chatbots includes IBM Watson-powered "Rocky", introduced in February 2017 by the New York City-based e-commerce company Rare Carat to provide information to prospective diamond buyers.[29][30]

Company internal platforms
Other companies explore ways they can use chatbots internally, for example for Customer Support, Human Resources, or even in Internet-of-Things (IoT) projects. Overstock.com, for one, has reportedly launched a chatbot named Mila to automate certain simple yet time-consuming processes when requesting for a sick leave.[31] Other large companies such as Lloyds Banking Group, Royal Bank of Scotland, Renault and Citroën are now using automated online assistants instead of call centres with humans to provide a first point of contact. A SaaS chatbot business ecosystem has been steadily growing since the F8 Conference when Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg unveiled that Messenger would allow chatbots into the app.[32] In large companies, like in hospitals and aviation organizations, IT architects are designing reference architectures for Intelligent Chatbots that are used to unlock and share knowledge and experience in the organization more efficiently, and reduce the errors in answers from expert service desks significantly.[33] These Intelligent Chatbots make use of all kinds of artificial intelligence like image moderation and natural language understanding (NLU), natural language generation (NLG), machine learning and deep learning.

Banking
Nowadays a high majority of high-tech banking organizations are looking for integration of automated AI-based solutions such as chatbots in their customer service in order to provide faster and cheaper assistance to their clients becoming increasingly technodexterous. In particularly, chatbots can efficiently conduct a dialogue, usually substituting other communication tools such as email, phone, or SMS. In banking area their major application is related to quick customer service answering common requests, and transactional support.

Several studies accomplished by analytics agencies such as Juniper or Gartner [34] report significant reduction of cost of customer services, leading to billions of dollars of economy in the next 10 years. Gartner predicts an integration by 2020 of chatbots in at least 85% of all client's applications to customer service. Juniper's study announces an impressive amount of $8 billion retained annually by 2022 due to the use of chatbots.

Since 2016 when Facebook allows businesses to deliver automated customer support, e-commerce guidance, content and interactive experiences through chatbots, a big variety of chatbots for Facebook Messenger platform were developed.[35] In 2016, Russia-based Tochka Bank launched the world's first Facebook bot for a range of financial services, in particularly including a possibility of making payments. [36] In July 2016, Barclays Africa also launched a Facebook chatbot, making it the first bank to do so in Africa. [37]

The France's third largest bank by total assets [38] Societe Generale launched their chatbot called SoBot in March 2018. While the 80% of users of the SoBot express their satisfaction after having tested it, il will never remplace the expertise provided by a human advisor according to SG deputy director Bertrand Cozzarolo. [39]

There are several potential advantages of using chatbots in interaction with customer in banking:[40]

Cost reduction. Chatbots eliminate the obligation of any human presence during online interaction and are so long seen as a huge advantage by companies operating with multiple repetitive queries at once as long as they don't require any decision-making procedure.[41]
Human touch. Chatbots, providing an interface similar to human-to-human interaction, are more intuitive and so less difficult to use than a standard banking mobile application. They doesn't require any additional software installation and are more adaptive as able to be personalized during the exploitation by the means of machine learning. Chatbots are instant an so much faster that phone calls, shown to be considered as tedious in some studies. Then they satisfy both speed and personalization requirement while interacting with a bank.
Financial advice. State-of-the-art banking assistants can, by accessing personal customer's data such as consumer behavior or history of purchases, provide useful information on client's account and use it to develop AI-Based recommendations for better adapted money management.
Attracting new clients. A chatbot greeting a bank's website guest can provide some useful and relevant information, helping to exploit the offered products and services in a personalized manner helps to attract the potential client and the he is more likely to end by creation of a new account.[40]
24/7 digital support. An instant and always accessible assistant is assumed by the more and more digital consumer of the new era.[34] Unlike humans, chatbots once developed and installed don't have a limited workdays, holidays or weekends and are ready to attend queries at any hour of the day. It helps to the customer to avoid waiting of a company's agent to be available. Thus, the customer doesn't have to wait for the company executive to help them. This also lets companies keep an eye on the traffic during the non-working hours and reach out to them later.[41]
Toys
Chatbots have also been incorporated into devices not primarily meant for computing such as toys.[42]

Hello Barbie is an Internet-connected version of the doll that uses a chatbot provided by the company ToyTalk,[43] which previously used the chatbot for a range of smartphone-based characters for children.[44] These characters' behaviors are constrained by a set of rules that in effect emulate a particular character and produce a storyline.[45]

IBM's Watson computer has been used as the basis for chatbot-based educational toys for companies such as CogniToys[42] intended to interact with children for educational purposes.[46]

Chat-bots In Support Automation

Chatbots like Morph.ai, Haptik, Yekaliva[47] are used in business website for providing support. It helps by answering FAQ's in the first level.

Chatbots in Medicine and for Mental Health
According to the Journal of Medical Internet Research, "Chatbots are [...] increasingly used in particular for mental health applications, prevention and behavior change applications (such as smoking cessation or physical activity interventions).".[48] They have been shown to serve as a cost-effective and accessible therapeutic agents for indications such as depression and anxiety.[49] A conversational agent called Woebot has been shown to significantly reduce depression in young adults.[50]

Chatbot development platforms
The process of building, testing and deploying chatbots can be done on cloud-based chatbot development platforms[51] offered by cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) providers such as Oracle Cloud Platform Yekaliva[47][28] and IBM Watson.[52][53][54] These cloud platforms provide Natural Language Processing, Artificial Intelligence and Mobile Backend as a Service for chatbot development.

API

Some Companies like Microsoft Azure and AARC are currently providing their Bot Engines through which chatbot Platforms or Software can be developed

Malicious use
Malicious chatbots are frequently used to fill chat rooms with spam and advertisements, by mimicking human behavior and conversations or to entice people into revealing personal information, such as bank account numbers. They are commonly found on Yahoo! Messenger, Windows Live Messenger, AOL Instant Messenger and other instant messaging protocols. There has also been a published report of a chatbot used in a fake personal ad on a dating service's website.[55]

Tay, an AI chatbot that learns from previous interaction, caused major controversy due to it being targeted by internet trolls on Twitter. The bot was exploited, and after 16 hours began to send extremely offensive Tweets to users. This suggests that although the bot learnt effectively from experience, adequate protection was not put in place to prevent misuse.[56]

Examples of malicious uses for Chatbots
Disruption of emergency and support services : 
There have been cases of messages sent by people in danger in order to be saved. Those texts when received can require important means, both financial and human.[57] Such texts could be invented by malicious actors to confound and disturb emergency services for a large array of purposes, including terrorist ones.

Bullying and harassment : 
Chatbots could be used as weapons on the social networks such as Twitter or Facebook. An entity or individuals could design create a countless number of chatbots to harass people. They could even try to track how successful their harassment is by using machine-learning-based methods to sharpen their strategies and counteract harassment detection tools.

Spreading misinformation : 
If a text-sending algorithm can pass itself off as a human instead of a chatbot, its message would be more credible. Therefore, human-seeming chatbots with well-crafted online identities could start scattering fake news that seem plausible, for instance making false claims during a presidential election. With enough chatbots, it might be even possible to achieve artificial social proof.[58][59]

Limitations of Chatbots
The creation and implementation of chatbots is still a developing area, heavily related to artificial intelligence and machine learning, so the provided solutions, while possessing obvious advantages, have some important limitations in terms of functionalities and use cases. However this is changing over time.

The most common ones are listed below:[60]

As the database, used for output generation, is fixed and limited, chatbots can fail while dealing with an unsaved query.[41]
Chatbot's efficiency highly depends on language processing and is limited because of irregularities, such as accents and mistakes that can create an important barrier for international and multi-cultural organisations [61]
Chatbots are unable to deal with multiple questions at the same time and so conversation opportunities are limited.[60]
As it happens usually with technology-led changes in existing services, some consumers, more often than not from the old generation, are uncomfortable with chatbots due to their limited understanding, making it obvious that their requests are being dealt machines.[60]
Chatbots killing jobs
Chatbots are predicted to be progressively present in businesses and will automate tasks that do not require skill-based talents. Companies are getting smarter with touchpoints and customer service now comes in the form of instant messenger, as well as phone calls. IBM recently predicted that 85% of customer service enquiries will be handled by AI as early as 2020.[62] The call centre workers may be particularly at risk from AI.[63]

A study by Forrester (June 2017) predicts that 25% of today's jobs will most likely be impacted by AI technologies by 2019.[64]













A atividade mais antiga que se assemelha ao futebol moderno da qual se tem conhecimento data dos séculos III e II a. C. Estes dados são baseados em um manual de exercícios correspondentes à dinastia Han da antiga China. O jogo era chamado ts'uh Kúh (cuju), e consistia em lançar uma bola com os pés para uma pequena rede.[13][14] Uma variante incluía uma modalidade onde o jogador deveria passar pelo ataque dos seus adversários. Também no Extremo Oriente, embora cerca de cinco ou seis séculos depois do cuju, existia uma variante japonesa chamada kemari, que tinha um caráter mais cerimonial, sendo o objetivo do jogo manter uma bola no ar passando-a entre os jogadores.[15] O kemari até hoje é praticado no Japão, em eventos culturais.[16]

No Mediterrâneo destacaram-se duas formas de jogo: o harpasto, em Roma, e o epísquiro, na Grécia, sobre o qual se tem pouca informação. O primeiro era disputado por duas equipes em um terreno retangular demarcado e dividido pela metade por uma linha. Os jogadores de cada equipe podiam passar uma pequena bola entre eles, e o objetivo do jogo era enviá-la ao campo contrário. Esta variante foi muito popular entre os anos 700 e 800, e, apesar de ter sido introduzida nas Ilhas Britânicas, sua ascensão até o futebol moderno é incerta.[15] O epísquiro era feito por duas equipas, normalmente entre 12 e 14 jogadores cada, com uma bola, e segundo as regras era permitido o uso das mãos.[17]
Durante a Era dos Descobrimentos, começou-se a conhecer desportos provenientes do Novo Mundo. Estima-se que o pok ta pok da cultura maia teria 3 000 anos de história.[18] Documentos escritos por jesuítas descrevem um jogo denominado como Manga ñembosarái praticado nas reduções jesuíticas no Paraguai que seria bastante similar ao futebol[19] [20] [21] [22]. Na Groenlândia também se jogava um desporto que se assemelhava ao futebol, ao passo que o jogo denominado marngrook, da Oceania, tinha características que o assemelhava ao futebol australiano.[23][24] Onde hoje se localizam os Estados Unidos os aborígenes praticavam outros jogos: o pasuckuakohowog na área continental central e o asqaqtuk no Alasca.[25]

Embora estes jogos tiveram certas características que os assemelham ao futebol e outros desportos variados modernos, a incidência dos mesmos nos desportos atuais é discutível, já que praticamente não há vínculos dos mesmos com as Ilhas Britânicas, o berço do futebol moderno.[26]
Nos finais da Idade Média e séculos posteriores desenvolveram-se nas Ilhas Britânicas e em zonas circunvizinhas distintos tipos de jogos de equipe, os quais eram conhecidos como códigos de futebol. Estes códigos foram se unificando com o passar do tempo, mas foi na segunda metade do século XVII que ocorreram as primeiras grandes unificações do futebol, que deram origem ao rúgbi, ao futebol americano, ao futebol australiano etc. e ao desporto que hoje é conhecido em grande parte do mundo como futebol.[27]

Os primeiros códigos britânicos se caracterizavam por terem poucas regras e por sua extrema violência.[28] Um dos mais populares foi o futebol escolar. Por esta razão o futebol escolar foi proibido na Inglaterra por um decreto do Rei Eduardo III, que alegou ser um desporto não cristão, e a proibição perdurou por 500 anos.[29] O futebol escolar não foi a única forma de jogo da época; de fato existiram outras formas mais organizadas, menos violentas e inclusive que se desenvolveram fora das Ilhas Britânicas. Um dos jogos mais conhecidos foi o calcio fiorentino, originário da cidade de Florença, na Itália, no período da renascença, no século XVI. Este desporto influenciou em vários aspectos o futebol atual, não somente por suas regras, mas também pelo ambiente de festa em que se jogavam estas partidas.[30]
Segundo estimativas da FIFA, durante o período 2003-2006 este organismo teve uma receita de 3 238 milhões de francos suíços (CHF)[77] e gastos de 2 422 milhões de CHF, o que gerou um superávit de 816 milhões de CHF. 92% (2 986 milhões de CHF) das receitas estão relacionadas com as competições internacionais, particularmente a retransmissão por televisão da Copa do Mundo FIFA de 2006, que responde por 1 660 milhões de CHF desse valor. O restante das receitas se dividem em partes iguais entre receitas financeiras e outras receitas operacionais. Do total das receitas, 714 milhões de CHF foram obtidas por direitos de merchandising. Muitos destas receitas são obtidas em pontos de venda nos arredores dos estádios da Copa do Mundo.[78] Quanto aos gastos, 69% (1 682 milhões de CHF) dos mesmos estão relacionados à organização de campeonatos e ao desenvolvimento do desporto: 46% dos gastos totais (1 125 milhões de CHF) e 23% (557 milhões de CHF) respectivamente. 26% (622 milhões de CHF) são utilizados para gastos operacionais, como transportes, alugueis, gastos jurídicos, comunicações, entre outros. Os 5% restantes (118 milhões de CHF) corre por efeitos de câmbios de divisas e juros.[77][79]

Os orçamentos dos clubes de futebol podem ser encontrados em diferentes valores dependendo da região do mundo onde se encontram. Os maiores orçamentos podem ser encontrados na Europa, particularmente nas principais ligas da Alemanha, Espanha, Itália e Inglaterra.[80] Em grande parte da América do Sul as maiores receitas se devem às transferências de jogadores às ligas europeias, aos fundos fornecidos por transmissões de televisão e a publicidade nas camisetas.[81][82] Na Europa, os direitos televisivos, a publicidade, a venda de ingressos e o merchandising cobrem grande parte do orçamento.[83][84]

O futebol também desempenha um papel de solidariedade. Uma das principais contribuições da FIFA ao desenvolvimento do desporto em áreas onde tal fato é dificultado pela falta de materiais e técnicas de desenvolvimento é o Programa Goal. A FIFA também trabalha com o UNICEF desde 1999, fornecendo material de trabalho relacionado com o futebol para que este seja distribuído por esta organização da ONU.[85] Regularmente são realizados em todo o mundo jogos amistosos com propósitos beneficentes, cujos idealizadores frequentemente são estrelas do futebol mundial.[86][87][88]

O futebol é regido atualmente por 17 regras, as quais são utilizadas mundialmente, ainda que dentro das mesmas são permitidas certas modificações para facilitar o desenvolvimento das modalidades feminina, infantil e veterana.[99] Embora as regras sejam claramente definidas, existem certas diferenças na aplicação das mesmas que devem-se a vários aspectos. Um aspecto importante é a região onde é realizado o jogo. Por exemplo, na Europa, particularmente na Inglaterra, os árbitros se destacam por ser mais brandos com as faltas e infrações, reduzindo desta maneira as advertências e expulsões, enquanto que em outros lugares, por exemplo na América do Sul, as faltas são penalizadas com cartões com mais frequência.[100]

As regras do jogo estão definidas pela International Football Association Board, organismo integrado pela FIFA e pelas quatro associações do Reino Unido. Para aprovar-se uma modificação as mesmas devem ter pelo menos os votos da FIFA e de 2 dos 4 votos das associações britânicas.[101]













O Insper é uma instituição de ensino superior brasileira que atua nas áreas de negócios, economia, direito, engenharia mecânica, engenharia mecatrônica e engenharia da computação. Está localizada em São Paulo (capital).

História
O Insper atual derivou inicialmente do Instituto Brasileiro de Mercado de Capitais, entidade sem fins lucrativos criada para produzir pesquisas nessa área, localizada no Rio de Janeiro.[1] Em 1987, iniciou suas operações em São Paulo, situando-se na esquina das avenidas Paulista e Brig. Luís Antônio.

Inicialmente, a instituição contava apenas com o MBA em Finanças, mas ao longo do tempo desenvolveu novos programas, como o MBA Executivo, em 1998; e o programa lato sensu em direito, o LL.M. Master em Laws, com ênfase em negócios, em 1999. Com o crescimento, a escola exigiu um espaço maior, alugando assim um edifício de 12 andares no bairro do Paraíso.

Em 1999, é criado o Insper e são lançados os cursos de graduação em Administração e Economia, com currículo analítico e tempo integral. Em 2002, a primeira turma do curso de graduação da unidade de São Paulo é formada. Nesse mesmo ano, os cursos de Administração e Economia conquistam o conceito "A" na avaliação do MEC, no “Provão”, obtêm o terceiro lugar no país e o primeiro na Grande São Paulo.

Em outubro de 2003, Claudio Haddad e seus sócios Jorge Paulo Lemann, Marcel Herrmann Telles e Carlos Alberto da Veiga Sicupira se tornaram os controladores exclusivos da instituição, ao adquirirem as participações dos demais sócios.

Já em 2004, a filial de São Paulo é doada ao Instituto Veris, uma entidade sem fins lucrativos, e passa a adotar o nome Insper. Com isso, tornou-se uma instituição independente das outras filiais.

Em 2005, iniciou-se o planejamento de mudança para o novo campus, na Avenida Hélio Pellegrino, no bairro de Vila Olímpia, e em janeiro de 2006 o campus é inaugurado.[2]

A partir de 2009, a instituição passou a se chamar Insper. A substituição do nome se deu para diferenciação de outras homônimas sediadas no Rio de Janeiro, Belo Horizonte e Brasília, e outras instituições independentes que faziam com que o nome gerasse dúvidas na mídia e entre o público dessas instituições.[1]

Em 2010, o Insper recebeu a certificação da AACSB International (en) – The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business, entidade de certificação de escolas de negócios do mundo.[3]

Em 2014, o Ministério da Educação (MEC) aprovou novos cursos de engenharia do Insper. Desde o começo de 2015, a instituição também oferece graduação em Engenharia Mecânica, Engenharia Mecatrônica e Engenharia da Computação.[4] Ainda em 2015, o portfólio de cursos também recebeu o doutorado em Economia dos Negócios.[5]






